SLP Java API
Version 1.0, 02 April 2003

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain copyright statements
   and notices,

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce applicable copyright
   statements and notices, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
   with the distributions, and

3. Redistributions must contain a verbatim copy of this document.

Solers may revise this license from time to time.  Each revision is 
distinguished by a version number.  You may use this Software under 
terms of this license revision or under the terms of any subsequent 
revision of the license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY SOLERS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SOLERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) 
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The names of the authors and copyright or trademark holders must not 
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other 
dealing in this Software without specific, written prior permission.  
Title to copyright in this Software shall at all times remain with
copyright holders.

Copyright 2003 Solers Corporation.  All rights reserved.  Permission
to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this document is granted.